[CTOR-1182]-Refresh cloud-azure-management-automation doc page (#3924)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/cloud-azure-management-automation.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Overview

> Azure Automation delivers a cloud-based automation and configuration service
> that supports consistent management across your Azure and non-Azure
> environments. It comprises process automation, configuration management, update
> management, shared capabilities, and heterogeneous features. Automation gives
> you complete control during deployment, operations, and decommissioning of
> workloads and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The Centreon Monitoring Connector *Azure Automation* can rely on Azure API or Azure CLI

> to collect the metrics related to the Automation service.

Reviewer: same as FR

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Azure Automation** connector through the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Azure Automation** brings a host template:

* **Cloud-Azure-Management-Automation-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cloud-Azure-Management-Automation-custom" label="Cloud-Azure-Management-Automation-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                                  | Service Description |
|:--------------|:--------------------------------------------------|:--------------------|

> | Jobs          | Cloud-Azure-Management-Automation-Jobs-Api-custom | Check jobs count    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Jobs          | Cloud-Azure-Management-Automation-Jobs-Api-custom | Check the number of jobs |
```
